<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [NavBar][1]
-   [getComponent][2]
    -   [Parameters][3]
-   [getComponent][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]
-   [AppView][6]
    -   [push][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [goToRoot][9]
    -   [navigateTo][10]
        -   [Parameters][11]
    -   [goToParent][12]
    -   [setScreenState][13]
        -   [Parameters][14]
-   [Rewards][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]
-   [AppNavigation][17]
-   [createStackNavigator][18]
    -   [Parameters][19]
-   [PushButton][20]
    -   [Parameters][21]
-   [BackButton][22]
    -   [Parameters][23]
-   [DoneButton][24]
    -   [Parameters][25]
-   [NextButton][26]
    -   [Parameters][27]
-   [useScreenState][28]
    -   [Parameters][29]

## NavBar

**Extends React.Component**

NavigationBar shows title and back button

## getComponent

### Parameters

-   `Component`  
-   `props`  

## getComponent

getComponent gets the component and props and returns the same component except when
shouldNavigateToComponent is present in component and not complaining
This function can be written in every component that needs to prevent access
if there is not in a correct navigation flow.
Example: doesn't makes sense to navigate to Amount if there is no nextRoutes

### Parameters

-   `Component` **React.Component** 
-   `props`  

## AppView

**Extends Component**

Component wrapping the stack navigator.
It holds the pop, push, gotToRoot and goToParent navigation logic and inserts on top the NavBar component.
Params are passed as initial state for next screen.
This navigation actions are being passed via navigationConfig to children components

### push

Push a route to the stack
The stack is maintained in stack property to be able to navigate back and forward

#### Parameters

-   `nextRoute`  
-   `params`  

### goToRoot

Navigates to root screen. First on stack

### navigateTo

Navigates to specific screen with custom parameters as query string.

#### Parameters

-   `routeName` **[string][30]** 
-   `params` **any** 

### goToParent

Navigates to the screen that created the stack (backRouteName)

### setScreenState

Screen states are being stored by this component
This way it can be kept between screens

#### Parameters

-   `data`  

## Rewards

Rewards screen showing nested navigation with stackNavigator

### Parameters

-   `props` **any** 

## 

Pops from stack
If there is no screen on the stack navigates to initial screen on stack (goToRoot)
If we are currently in the first screen go to ths screen that created the stack (goToParent)

## AppNavigation

**Extends React.Component**

Switch navigation between all screens on the tabs. Each of this screen should be a StackNavigation
Dashboard is the initial route

## createStackNavigator

Returns a navigator with a navbar wrapping the routes.
This function is meant to be used to create a new stack navigation with the given routes.

### Parameters

-   `routes` **\[Route]** : Array with routes in the stack
-   `navigationConfig` **[Object][31]** 

## PushButton

PushButton
This button gets the push action from screenProps. Is meant to be used inside a stackNavigator

### Parameters

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.routeName`  
    -   `$0.screenProps`  
    -   `$0.params`  
    -   `$0.props` **...any** 
-   `routeName`  
-   `screenProps`  
-   `params`  
-   `props` **ButtonProps** 

## BackButton

BackButton
This button gets the goToParent action from screenProps. Is meant to be used inside a stackNavigator

### Parameters

-   `props` **ButtonProps** 

## DoneButton

BackButton
This button gets the goToParent action from screenProps. Is meant to be used inside a stackNavigator

### Parameters

-   `props` **ButtonProps** 

## NextButton

NextButton
This button gets the nextRoutes param and creates a Push to the next screen and passes the rest of the array which are
next screens for further Components. Is meant to be used inside a stackNavigator

### Parameters

-   `props` **any** 
    -   `props.disabled`  
    -   `props.values`  
    -   `props.screenProps`  
    -   `props.nextRoutes`  

## useScreenState

Hook to get screen state from stack or from useState hook if there is no setScreenState function

### Parameters

-   `$0` **any** 
    -   `$0.setScreenState`  
    -   `$0.screenState`  

Returns **any** 

[1]: #navbar

[2]: #getcomponent

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #getcomponent-1

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #appview

[7]: #push

[8]: #parameters-2

[9]: #gotoroot

[10]: #navigateto

[11]: #parameters-3

[12]: #gotoparent

[13]: #setscreenstate

[14]: #parameters-4

[15]: #rewards

[16]: #parameters-5

[17]: #appnavigation

[18]: #createstacknavigator

[19]: #parameters-6

[20]: #pushbutton

[21]: #parameters-7

[22]: #backbutton

[23]: #parameters-8

[24]: #donebutton

[25]: #parameters-9

[26]: #nextbutton

[27]: #parameters-10

[28]: #usescreenstate

[29]: #parameters-11

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
